Update README.md (#22)
DevExpress-Examples/devextreme-dropdownbox-search-in-datagrid: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T519278)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# DropDownBox for DevExtreme - How to filter data of a nested DataGrid

> This example demonstrates how to filter data of a DropDownBox nested DataGrid component.

Reviewer: Can you please explain what a `DropDownBox nested DataGrid component` is? This is a noun string that is a bit confusing

Author: Maybe "embedded" would be better? A dropDownBox is a drop-down editor, and you can put whatever component you want into the drop-down field. In this example it's DataGrid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to filter the data of a DropDownBox embedded in a DataGrid component.
```

![DropDownBox filtering](./dropdownbox-filtering.gif)

> Use [onInput](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onInput), [onOpened](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onOpened) and [onClosed](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onClosed) event handlers to manipulate and display data.

Reviewer: Do not use `manipulate` because it has a negative meaning

Author: I will change it for 'filter', cause it's more accurate.

Reviewer: Ok

> Use [onInput](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onInput), [onOpened](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onOpened) and [onClosed](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onClosed) event handlers to manipulate and display data.

Author: ```suggestion
Use [onInput](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onInput), [onOpened](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onOpened) and [onClosed](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onClosed) event handlers to filter and display data.
```
